- We have a few additional topics to discuss,
the first of which is going to be our build system.
This is the last location that many developers have control
of where security issues can be injected
into an application.
The build process itself has several areas we can focus
on as developers.
First and foremost is the dependencies being used
for application.
Now we can write the most secure code in the world,
any vulnerable dependency can spoil the entire party.
mitigating this risk is actually a two phase process.
First, you should run a dependency checking plugin,
and process that uses a database to evaluate
if there are known CVE's in a given dependency.
Or worse, for instance, produces one such plugin for free,
though there may be better ones out there
that you may have to pay for.
Now, the second part of this process is
to actually fix what the data comes up with.
So if it tells you that you have a dependency
that has a CVE, and you ignore it,
you might as well not even run the plugin,
what you should do is actually address
the build system failure.
Now, there is a caveat to that.
And that is when a new version isn't available
of the dependency.
And in those cases, you need to ensure
that you're not subject to the vulnerability itself.
And if you are, you need to find other ways to mitigate it.
Now, the next build system vulnerability may not be
as obvious you need to run Java
to compile Java should be pretty straightforward.
But often times, companies won't keep
the build system Java version updated, like they do
with production systems because of licensing costs.
Now, it's worth noting that you should target
the same version that you run in production.
And that should be supported and patched version
of Java itself.
And this is critical, keep it updated,
and keep it consistent.
And then target that when you're doing your builds.
Now the next build system check that I want to talk
about is one that we've talked about before
and that's testing.
During the build process.
Of course, you should be running unit tests.
Your unit test should either include or be adjacent
to security focused testing, each part
of your application or library
that has a possible attack vector should test
those attack vectors.
Now we saw this with our SQL injection exercise.
Finally, I asked you to consider using static code analysis.
Now these processes scan your code and actually look
for patterns that lead to security flaws.
There are both commercial and open source offerings
in this space, and I've used them both.
And while the commercial are definitely much more robust
with respect to reporting and remediation tips,
they both are usually adequate for someone just starting out
with code security.
Be prepared, however, because you will have
to wade through false positives,
as well as risks you deem acceptable,
when you look at static code analysis.